hey there everyone today I'm bringing
you a Sailor Moon hair tutorial this
style isn't too hard to do it just takes
a little bit of practice this is going
to be everything you need to create this
style first separate your hair in half
and tie up one side so it doesn't get in
the way also section of any bangs or
face framing hairs that you want
I really like to keep a little bit on
the sides just because I think it looks
a little bit better on me in order to
create a soggy signature tails we're
actually going to use a portion from the
top of our hair make these as thick as
you want I'm your may put a lot of hair
inside the tails because I think it
looks a little bit better next separate
the hair underneath in half pull the
front up and over the tail do the same
with the second half this brings the
tail underneath the rest of the hair it
might take a little bit of practice but
you'll get the hang of it
gather the portions of hair that you
took on the bottom into a high ponytail
this is going to be used for the button
then we're going to do the same thing on
the other side try to get the tails to
be about the same thickness bring the
bottom portion of the hair up and over
the top portion and tie it in a ponytail
try to get it even with the other one
you don't want lopsided buttons
next we make the buns take your comb and
tease the ponytail at the base if you
have thicker hair you might not need to
do this but my hair is pretty thin so it
needs the extra volume then wrap your
teased hair around itself to create the
start of the bun you're going to squish
the hair down towards your hair with
your hair kind of popped to create a
rounded shape then you're just going to
pin it down it may take some trial and
error to get the bun to look the way you
want but if you mess up just undo it and
try it again
do the same thing on the other side
tease wrap and pin it's a little bit
tough to get the buns even sometimes
it's perfect and other times it's not
today is going to be a little bit uneven
but it's okay
then spray your buns with some hairspray
to set them you really don't need that
much or anything that's a really strong
hold just enough to keep all the
flyaways down if you want to straighten
some of your hair and style your bangs
make sure you use some heat protectant
if you're going to use the flat iron so
what they keep projecting it in and make
sure you comb through it to make sure
it's evenly distributed I like to
straighten the tails because it gives it
a bit more of a finished look it makes
it look all nice and neat
whose Auggie's bangs are really curled
and I did my best to eat meditators my
bangs are a little bit long so it
doesn't really work out that well but do
your bangs however you want have fun and
be creative
it's your hair and you're done with a
little bit of practice Usagi's hair
isn't that impossible
you can add bows to your buns if it
looks a little bit messy and hide some
parts but I decided to skip the bows
today I think this looks good if you
like this tutorial make sure to give it
a thumbs up and if you attempt to this
hair so definitely send me a picture on
Twitter I would love to see it till next
time
montenay
you